https://codepen.io/tx00tyler/pen/OJXvbzz?editors=1100



1. What is Semantic HTML?
 the use of HTML to markup the meaning of information on the webpage

    2. What is HTML used for? 
to create the foundation of any website

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
an item that provides information about an element, we put them with elements
 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
the header. once

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
"a"
"src"

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
the header

7. What is an id? 
an attribute

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
all elements

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
most cases only once

    10. What is a class? 
the definition of what it is in charge of

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
all

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
once

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
right click on link and press open in new tab

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
it tells the browser how to arrange design elements

15. How do I reference an id?

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
semantics

17. What is CSS used for? 
graphics

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
.h2

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
div. "class-name"

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
all elements that are a direct child of the specified element

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a css selector with a colon preceding

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
letter-spacing:"x"px;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
css

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
 text-transform:capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border:10px dotted #DC143C

29. How do I select everything on the page?

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
--

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 


    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm , you need to becareful because whatever you remove is gone forever

    34. Why should I use version control? 

35. How often should I commit to github?
every time you make an important change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push origin "your-branch-name"

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
fork the project
add pm as collaborator
clone fork
go to terminal and do "git clone *link*
go to cloned repo and add branch "git checkout -b first-last name"
edit code
commit changes then save changes
git add commit -m "your commit message"
git push origin "branch-name"
go back to github then compare & pull request
choose forked repo as base
add pm as reviewer then click pull request.